King Zhao Cheng: It’s you who is not the queen of heaven and earth; by the way, I trust you and don’t be surprised; you don’t be surprised by those who do it; just you
Aren’t you afraid of bad news? Everyone in Dragon City calls me Zhao Chenghuang. Do you know why? Dragon City
All the ghost detectives in the city must be obedient. Zhao Chenghuang is afraid of complaining. Your family is so bloody.
Come on! This is the way to heaven. You dare to risk my identity and I will become the emperor. You just pretend to be the genius of Longcheng and complain.
Your retribution will come soon
I was originally said to be a criminal in the iron and nuclear materials trade in Longcheng
Living meaning gives birth to light and shadow
Southwest Ba Yu is evil to you again
The war virtues are all invisible.
This is the retribution for you people who do evil things to people's hearts.
What a funny joke
Quick, Zhao Chenghuang is indeed not a good person.
If you do evil, you will be punished by law
Surrender yourself to the law or else
Because you said I am a good father
It's your loser father